prince
Master Huo has been rescued
Doctor Li is really worthy of his name
A pair of medicine goes down
Master Huo can already speak
Hands are heavy, hands are
There's also sound.
It was the princess who heard that he had been in a coma all night
Unless he is dead
Otherwise, don't mention that poisonous woman to this king.
You and I have not expected for hundreds of billions of years
Are you so cruel?
Ah Yu Wen Hyuk
You have no conscience.
black and white
What do you want him to do?
A wreck for pain
Lying Poison Woman
It's not crazy to kill
They don't deserve anybody's sympathy.
Why did the temperature rise after drinking the medicine?
The prince went out to discuss
Not yet returned
What is good?
Lord Yama, Lord Yama, I beg you
I beg you to spare our little master
Yama
Yeah.
Don't worry, young master
I won't let the prince take it out on you
I won't let go of the Yuan Consortium's imperial concubine
For my sake
The princess is a good person
That poisonous woman, she, she obviously hurt you
Princess Melon for Me
Said that melon yinong will be fine after taking the medicine
Touched my head
Say I'll get better
Touch me, it's so cold, it's alright, the child is alright
What are you doing here?